# The "StopSpam" module (stop-spam)

Provides some protection again spam using the knowledge base of [StopForumSpam](http://www.stopforumspam.com/)
and previously recorded IPs.

The module extends the _Comments_ module config block with its configuration, and the _Forms_
module manage block with stats about spam caught for each form.

Author: Olivier Laviale [@olvlv](https://twitter.com/olvlvl)




## Installation

1. Upload the module directory to your application module directory.

2. Enable it in "Features / Modules".



## Event callbacks

### Before comments are saved

An event hook is attached to the `Icybee\Modules\Comments\SaveOperation::process:before` event to
check if the request was generated by a spambot before the _Save_ operation of the _Comments_
module (or one of its subclasses) is processed.





### Alters the _config_ block of the "Comments" module.

An event hook is attached to the `Icybee\Modules\Comments\ConfigBlock::alter_children` event to
add controls to the config block of the _Comments_ module in order to configure the module.





### Before forms are posted

An event hook is attached to the `Icybee\Modules\Forms\PostOperation::process:before` event to
checks if the request was generated by a spambot before the _Post_ operation of the _Forms_
module (or one of its subclasses) is processed.




### Icybee\Modules\Forms\ManageBlock::alter_columns

Adds a column to the manage block of the _Forms_ module (or one of its subclasses) to display
the number of spam caught by form.